{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Step 1:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Take an hour and write a one-sentence summary of your novel. Something like this: \'93A rogue physicist travels back in time to kill the apostle Paul.\'94 (This is the summary for my first novel, Transgression.) The sentence will serve you forever as a ten-second selling tool. This is the big picture, the analog of that big starting triangle in the snowflake picture.\cb1 \
\cb3 When you later write your book proposal, this sentence should appear very early in the proposal. It\'92s the hook that will sell your book to your editor, to your committee, to the sales force, to bookstore owners, and ultimately to readers. So make the best one you can!\cb1 \
\cb3 Some hints on what makes a good sentence:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shorter is better. Try for fewer than 15 words.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
No character names, please! Better to say \'93a handicapped trapeze artist\'94 than \'93Jane Doe\'94.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tie together the big picture and the personal picture. Which character has the most to lose in this story? Now tell me what he or she wants to win.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Read the one-line blurbs on the New York Times Bestseller list to learn how to do this. Writing a one-sentence description is an art form.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 My Synopsis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 A disgraced sysadmin seeks revenge on the hacker who ruined her career and shattered her life}