{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
03_mordicai\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 epochtime: 1478087228 silicon valley,california\cb1 \
\cb3 Kettlebells are heavy. That is what they are supposed to do. Today they felt extra heavy in Mordicai's hand. He had not had a proper workout in several days. TRavel had not permitted him to the fimilar pangs of his homegym and its equipment. His body was also out of sorts from the genral aliments of travel across mutplie timezones. AS a result he found himself up early even for him. Unable to sleep he went downstairs to his gym and began to work out. His travels had put him in a foul mood. He had spent the last five day meeting with european investors. THese investors had proved to be short sieghted boaring white men. Mordicai had found them unintresting overall with exception of the great deal of money they possessed. He genrally disliked the european attitude which he say as a poor attempt to cling to a once world dominating geopgraphy. It is true europe had played a giant role in the creation of science and technology. But that was thousands of years ago, america had played a buigger role in disrupting that cration. He felt europeans had held onto to their high and mighty stature for far to long.}