{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Step 2:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Take another hour and expand that sentence to a full paragraph describing the story setup, major disasters, and ending of the novel. This is the analog of the second stage of the snowflake. I like to structure a story as \'93three disasters plus an ending\'94. Each of the disasters takes a quarter of the book to develop and the ending takes the final quarter. I don\'92t know if this is the ideal structure, it\'92s just my personal taste.\cb1 \
\cb3 If you believe in the Three-Act structure, then the first disaster corresponds to the end of Act 1. The second disaster is the mid-point of Act 2. The third disaster is the end of Act 2, and forces Act 3 which wraps things up. It is OK to have the first disaster be caused by external circumstances, but I think that the second and third disasters should be caused by the protagonist\'92s attempts to \'93fix things\'94. Things just get worse and worse.\cb1 \
\cb3 You can also use this paragraph in your proposal. Ideally, your paragraph will have about five sentences. One sentence to give me the backdrop and story setup. Then one sentence each for your three disasters. Then one more sentence to tell the ending. Don\'92t confuse this paragraph with the back-cover copy for your book. This paragraph summarizes the whole story. Your back-cover copy should summarize only about the first quarter of the story.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs64 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 My Full Paragraph\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 After a devestating cyberattack Jane is foraced to rethink her career and life. She has vowed to find the hacker behind the attack, even after she fails to discover their identity in a data center in china. Dale is minimalist who just wrote some great code for a client that doesn't run as expected. This code is altering reality and the lives of Jane and Dale. Together they stop the mysterious hacker who might actually be them all along.}