{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Step 3:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 The above gives you a high-level view of your novel. Now you need something similar for the storylines of each of your characters. Characters are the most important part of any novel, and the time you invest in designing them up front will pay off ten-fold when you start writing. For each of your major characters, take an hour and write a one-page summary sheet that tells:\cb1 \
\cb3 The character\'92s name A one-sentence summary of the character\'92s storyline The character\'92s motivation (what does he/she want abstractly?) The character\'92s goal (what does he/she want concretely?) The character\'92s conflict (what prevents him/her from reaching this goal?) The character\'92s epiphany (what will he/she learn, how will he/she change? A one-paragraph summary of the character\'92s storyline An important point: You may find that you need to go back and revise your one-sentence summary and/or your one-paragraph summary. Go ahead! This is good\'96it means your characters are teaching you things about your story. It\'92s always okay at any stage of the design process to go back and revise earlier stages. In fact, it\'92s not just okay\'96it\'92s inevitable. And it\'92s good. Any revisions you make now are revisions you won\'92t need to make later on to a clunky 400 page manuscript.\cb1 \
\cb3 Another important point: It doesn\'92t have to be perfect. The purpose of each step in the design process is to advance you to the next step. Keep your forward momentum! You can always come back later and fix it when you understand the story better. You will do this too, unless you\'92re a lot smarter than I am.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 My character sheets}