{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 Step 04\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f2\fs26 By this stage, you should have a good idea of the large-scale structure of your novel, and you have only spent a day or two. Well, truthfully, you may have spent as much as a week, but it doesn\'92t matter. If the story is broken, you know it now, rather than after investing 500 hours in a rambling first draft. So now just keep growing the story. Take several hours and expand each sentence of your summary paragraph into a full paragraph. All but the last paragraph should end in a disaster. The final paragraph should tell how the book ends.\
This is a lot of fun, and at the end of the exercise, you have a pretty decent one-page skeleton of your novel. It\'92s okay if you can\'92t get it all onto one single-spaced page. What matters is that you are growing the ideas that will go into your story. You are expanding the conflict. You should now have a synopsis suitable for a proposal, although there is a better alternative for proposals .\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 <$ScrKeepWithNext><$Scr_H::1><$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\b\fs36 My Summary Paragraphs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f1\i\fs32 After a devestating cyberattack Jane is foraced to rethink her career and life
\i0 .\
\
Jane was systems administrator for a large bio-tech company. This company was a victem of a cyberattack that resulted in a complete destruction of the companies data. Jane left tech to rethink and refocus her energy. That was eight years ago. She has moved on and rebuilt her life as a culture jammer. She now uses code and systems to create art that challenges society and conventions. Her art is edgy and site specfic and usually not legal in the strictis of terms. \
\

\i She has vowed to find the hacker behind the attack, even after she fails to discover their identity in a data center in china.
\i0 \
\
A recent discovery has awkend old feelings and mystry around the cyberattack. She has found an odd clue in a seemly unrealted piece of data. This clue will take her to a data center in China. In this data center she will come close to finding the perpetrator of the attack tht ruined her career. Ultimatly she will fail to find the idenetify of the mysterious hacker. And leveave China empty handed but determined to find that person responsiable.  \
\

\i Dale is minimalist who just wrote some great code for a client that doesn't run as expected.
\i0  \
\
Dale lives a balenced life. H rarely has to work for money. He usually takes on assements based on his intrested in the complexty of the job. He has taken on a new assignment to write aq script that alters backup records and caching of web pages. He thinks that he has written some very good code when he realizes that his code is not running properly.\
\

\i This code is altering reality and the lives of Jane and Dale. \
\

\i0 The client has introduced
\i  
\i0 module that Dale cannot figure out exactly what it is doing. The module is complied and he cannot reverse engineer the code. His tests are having small but undesirde changes to the internet and web pages. He has found that through his code he is able to alter and change historical web pages. As a result actual events are subtly being modified in the process.\
\

\i Together they stop the mysterious hacker who might actually be them all along.\
\

\i0 Jane and Dale meet by acident and decide to work to gether against Mordecai Jones who utlimatly is revealed as Dales client. Mordecai was the CTO of the bio-firm that Jane worked at. She suspects that he was the hacker behind the attack that brought the company down. In the end through Dale\'92s code she realises that she must deleted the data and put in motion the events that bring her to now.}