# Step 2:
Take another hour and expand that sentence to a full paragraph describing the
story setup, major disasters, and ending of the novel. This is the analog of the
second stage of the snowflake. I like to structure a story as “three disasters
plus an ending”. Each of the disasters takes a quarter of the book to develop
and the ending takes the final quarter. I don’t know if this is the ideal
structure, it’s just my personal taste.

If you believe in the Three-Act structure, then the first disaster corresponds
to the end of Act 1. The second disaster is the mid-point of Act 2. The third
disaster is the end of Act 2, and forces Act 3 which wraps things up. It is OK
to have the first disaster be caused by external circumstances, but I think that
the second and third disasters should be caused by the protagonist’s attempts to
“fix things”. Things just get worse and worse.

You can also use this paragraph in your proposal. Ideally, your paragraph will
have about five sentences. One sentence to give me the backdrop and story setup.
Then one sentence each for your three disasters. Then one more sentence to tell
the ending. Don’t confuse this paragraph with the back-cover copy for your book.
This paragraph summarizes the whole story. Your back-cover copy should summarize
only about the first quarter of the story.

# My Full Paragraph
After a devestating cyberattack Jane is foraced to rethink her career and life.
She has vowed to find the hacker behind the attack, even after she fails to
discover their identity in a data center in china. Dale is minimalist who just
wrote some great code for a client that doesn't run as expected. This code is
altering reality and the lives of Jane and Dale. Together they stop the
mysterious hacker who might actually be them all along.
