## Step 10
At this point, just sit down and start pounding out the real first draft of the
novel. You will be astounded at how fast the story flies out of your fingers at
this stage. I have seen writers triple their fiction writing speed overnight,
while producing better quality first drafts than they usually produce on a third
draft.

You might think that all the creativity is chewed out of the story by this time.
Well, no, not unless you overdid your analysis when you wrote your Snowflake.
This is supposed to be the fun part, because there are many small-scale logic
problems to work out here. How does Hero get out of that tree surrounded by
alligators and rescue Heroine who’s in the burning rowboat? This is the time to
figure it out! But it’s fun because you already know that the large-scale
structure of the novel works. So you only have to solve a limited set of
problems, and so you can write relatively fast.

This stage is incredibly fun and exciting. I have heard many fiction writers
complain about how hard the first draft is. Invariably, that’s because they have
no clue what’s coming next. Good grief! Life is too short to write like that!
There is no reason to spend 500 hours writing a wandering first draft of your
novel when you can write a solid one in 150. Counting the 100 hours it takes to
do the design documents, you come out way ahead in time.

About midway through a first draft, I usually take a breather and fix all the
broken parts of my design documents. Yes, the design documents are not perfect.
That’s okay. The design documents are not fixed in concrete, they are a living
set of documents that grows as you develop your novel. If you are doing your job
right, at the end of the first draft you will laugh at what an amateurish piece
of junk your original design documents were. And you’ll be thrilled at how deep
your story has become.
