# 02_jane
epochtime: 1478087228 norwalk,ct

Rachel slept in the oversize white bed. Her brown hair covering her brown closed eyes. Jane loved her eyes. It was one of the many things she loved about Rachel. Janes was not a romantic but Rachel had fit into her life at the exact right time and place. The sunlight streamed into the room through large glass windows. This had been a factory at one time. THe large windows had seen better days. The paint was peeling from the large metal frames. There was obviously enough lead in the paint chips on the these windows to drive a public health roar. BUt childern's services did not come to this neck of the woods.
Technically this building was not zoned for residential habitation. Which is exactly why none of the 100 plus lofts were rented as appartments. They were artists lofts. Lofts being in double air quotes. When Jane and Rachel had visited this place for the first time they were lead around by an older man who was as round as he was tall. He smelled of stale cigars smoke and cheap booze. He reiterated that this builkding was not zoned residential and that theses were not apartments.

"Here is the studio, not an apartment, you can't live here...here is the kitchen, you can't live here... here is the bathroom, you can't live here...here is the bedroom, you can't live here"

It was comical. Everyone knew what was going on, everyone was in on the joke. Jane and Rachel signed the rental form and agreed that they would not live there. They immediatly moved their few posions into the loft that day. This had been their home and their refuge since then.

It wasn't much to look at. One large room with fifteen foot high ceilings. a small kitchette which consistanted of an old washtub sink and a hot plate. They added a small microwave and a refrigerator. The bathroom was small and the plumbing in this building was not the greatest. Jane found that if she showered early in the day the hot water and overall water pressure lasted almos through a reasonally lengthed shower. THe bulding was essentail one inspection away from being condemned but the city officals looked the other way. In this industrial part of town there was little else that the abandoned factory could be.

"THe Miller Standard Button building was built in 1912. It hosued tha largest american producer of buttons. THis building at its height had emploeed over 1200 workers that could produce up to fifteen thousand buttons a day. During both world wars the factory was instramentatl in providing buttons to allied troop uniforms. After world war 2 and the genral decline of manufacturing in the region the building was sold from the miller family to local investors. These investors failed to find a perminante home for the factory. In the late 80s after the property had fallen into neglegt commiuntiy leaders and realestate developers had lead a community driven revitailzation of the factory. This was short lived as all manufacturing had been all but abandoned for cheap overseas labor. "


The current owner had won the property in a card game. He had beaten the original owner with an mildy above medicore hand. Truth be told there was smaile on the face of the lsoing former woner as he handed over the dead and signed the papers. He was glad to be released of the burdon of failure that came to this property. THe new owner had decided that he could make a steady stream of income by renting to a 
